# Data Incubator Milestone Project

The repository here contains two alternative approaches to the Milestone project. One has been deployed on a Heroku server (edougherty-stock-ticker.herokuapp.com) while the other (app.py, which calls bokeh_plot.py), which explicitly spins up a bokeh server instance, has been resigned to functioning only on the localhost. The files of interest for the deployed application are:

- tdi-stock-ticker.py: This is the actual python file that is run on the web server. The app consists of three decorated functions calling the '/', '/index', and '/output' pages, respectively. There are also three helper functions (get_dates, plot_components, and create_plot). The user is required to input a Stock Ticker Symbol and an End Data, and has the option to select one of three periods (one month, six months, and one year) as well as an option to select one of three performance metrics (open price, close price, and intra-day range). These inputs rely upon the index.html file.
- index.html: This is the HTML file containing the various input components (TickerName, EndDate, Period, and Metric). A ‘POST’ action on the webpage (i.e., hitting the ‘Submit’ button) will redirect to the output.html file.
- output.html: This is the HTML file that takes the div and script components returned by the tdi-stock-ticker.py file and displays them. The page also contains a 'Return' button that redirects the user to the index page to input an alternative set of search variables.
